doc: Add `project_service_account` resource and datasources docs (#4066)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/project_service_account.md

}

data "mongodbatlas_project_service_accounts" "this" {
  project_id = var.project_id
}

output "service_account_client_id" {
  value = mongodbatlas_project_service_account.this.client_id
}

output "service_account_name" {
  value = data.mongodbatlas_project_service_account.this.name
}

output "service_account_first_secret" {
  description = "The secret value of the first secret created with the service account. Available only immediately after initial creation."
  value       = try(mongodbatlas_project_service_account.this.secrets[0].secret, null)
  sensitive   = true
}

output "service_accounts_results" {
  value = data.mongodbatlas_project_service_accounts.this.results
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of the Service Account.
- `project_id` (String) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your project.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date that the Service Account was created on. This parameter expresses its value in the ISO 8601 timestamp format in UTC.
- `description` (String) Human readable description for the Service Account.

> - `name` (String) Human-readable name for the Service Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `description` (String) Description of the Service Account.
- `name` (String) Name of the Service Account.
```
We want to move away from 'human-readable'.
